[DOC] add application section with iclass wedge application (#8)
Coppernic/coppernic.github.io: applications/iclass_wedge.md

HID iClass Wedge
=====

Introduction
------------
This application demonstrates how to use the HID iClass/LFProx Wedge application on a C-One with Hid/LFProx RFID reader.
The application is composed of two parts:

 - iClass Settings
 - iClass Scan

Prerequisites
-------------
### C-One² iCLass

 - CoreServices version 1.9.0 and above must be installed on the device

What is a keyboard wedge?
-------------------------

A keyboard wedge is an application that can acquire data and send it directly in the keyboard buffer, just as if it was typed on a virtual keyboard.

> Coppernic's wedge applications add a deeper integration capability by using intents too in order to send reader's events (succesful read or read failure).

Reviewer: Coppernic's wedge applications add a deeper integration capability by using Android Intent in order to send reader's events (succesful read or read failures).

iCLass settings
--------------

> iCLass Settings allows confuring wedge for the Sound, Timeout and so on...

Reviewer: iCLass settings screen allows confuring wedge for sound, timeout and so on...
Settings screen is composed of four sections :
  - Service
  - Scan
  - Keyboard wedge
  - Reader Configuration

Settings are composed of four sections :
  - Service
  - Scan
  - Keyboard wedge
  - Reader Configuration

![](_images/iclass_settings.png) ![](_images/iclass_settings_2.png)

1.Service
   - Enable service : you can start or stop the service with this option.
   - Hid iClass Service startup boot : when it is enabled, the service will start
   automatically when the device boot.

>    - On/off reader for each scan : when enabled, it power off reader after scanning

Reviewer: On/off reader for each scan : when enabled, it will power off reader after scanning

   (either for bad or good read). It will save battery, but can be a little bit longer
   to read as you will need to power on the reader every time.

 2.Scan
  - Sound : play a sound after a good or bad scan.
  - Display : display an icon while scanning.

>   - Timeout : allows setting time in seconds whil the device is trying to read a tag.

Reviewer: - Timeout : allow setting time in seconds while the device is trying to read a tag.

 3.Keyboard Wedge

>   - Enable Keyboard : when enabled, it send result to the keyboard buffer. It still send data in an Intent.

Reviewer: - Enable Keyboard : when enabled, it will send result to the keyboard buffer. It is still broadcasting Intents.

  - Scan Enter : add a carriage return of the data reader.
  - Data Send : you can choose either between card number and facility code to send to the keyboard buffer.
  - Facility code : depending on the card you want to read, card number will be different if card has a facility code or not.

  4.Reader configuration
   - Hid Card configuration : allows using an HID card configuration. You need to present and hold the card front of the antenna until the configuration is finished.

iClass scan
---------
 This application just start a scan to read an iClass/LF prox card.
 You can use it remapping this application to on (or more) of the 3 programmable button. You can do it on the device in Settings > Remap key & shortcut.

> Using iClass Wedge with intents in your application

Reviewer: Est-ce que tu ne voudrais pas faire un lien vers la page du périphérique pour tout ce qui vient après ?

HID iClass Wedge
=====

Introduction
------------
This application demonstrates how to use the HID iClass/LFProx Wedge application on a C-One with Hid/LFProx RFID reader.
The application is composed of two parts:

 - iClass Settings

>  - iClass Scan

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - iClass Scan.
```

Prerequisites
-------------

> ### C-One² iCLass

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### C-One² iClass
```

>  - CoreServices version 1.9.0 and above must be installed on the device

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Core Services app version 1.9.0 and above must be installed on the device.
```

What is a keyboard wedge?
-------------------------

A keyboard wedge is an application that can acquire data and send it directly in the keyboard buffer, just as if it was typed on a virtual keyboard.

> Coppernic's wedge applications add a deeper integration capability by using Android intent in order to send reader's events (successful read or read failure).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Coppernic's wedge application add a deeper integration capability by using Android intent in order to send reader's events (successful read or read failure).
```

> iCLass settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
iClass Settings
```

--------------

> iCLass Settings allows confuring wedge for the Sound, Timeout and so on...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
iClass Settings allows user to configure wedge for the Sound, Timeout and so on...
```

> Settings screen is composed of four sections :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Settings screen is composed of four sections:
```

>   - Service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Service,
```

>   - Scan

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Scan,
```

>   - Keyboard wedge

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Keyboard wedge,
```

>   - Reader Configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Reader Configuration.
```

![](_images/iclass_settings.png) ![](_images/iclass_settings_2.png)

1.Service

>    - Enable service : you can start or stop the service with this option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Enable service: you can start or stop the service with this option.
```

>    - Hid iClass Service startup boot : when it is enabled, the service will start

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - HID iClass Service startup boot: when enabled, the service will start
```

   automatically when the device boot.

>    - On/off reader for each scan : when enabled, it will power off reader after scanning

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - On/Off reader for each scan: when enabled, it will power off reader after scanning
```

   (either for bad or good read). It will save battery, but can be a little bit longer
   to read as you will need to power on the reader every time.

 2.Scan

>   - Sound : play a sound after a good or bad scan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Sound: play a sound after a good or bad read.
```

>   - Display : display an icon while scanning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Display: display an icon while scanning.
```

>   - Timeout : allow setting time in seconds while the device is trying to read a tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Timeout: allow setting time in seconds while the device is trying to read a tag.
```

 3.Keyboard Wedge

>   - Enable Keyboard : when enabled, it will send result to the keyboard buffer. It is still broadcasting Intents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Enable Keyboard: when enabled, it will send result to the keyboard buffer. It is still broadcasting Intents.
```

>   - Scan Enter : add a carriage return of the data reader.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Scan Enter: add a carriage return at the end of the data read (as a suffix).
```

>   - Data Send : you can choose either between card number and facility code to send to the keyboard buffer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Data Send: you can choose either card number or facility code to send to the keyboard buffer.
```

>   - Facility code : depending on the card you want to read, card number will be different if card has a facility code or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Facility code: depending on the card you want to read, card number will be different if card has a facility code or not.
```

  4.Reader configuration

>    - Hid Card configuration : allows using an HID card configuration. You need to present and hold the card front of the antenna until the configuration is finished.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - HID Card configuration: allows using an HID card configuration. You need to present and hold the card in front of the antenna until the configuration is finished.
```

> iClass scan

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
iClass Scan
```

---------

>  This application just start a scan to read an iClass/LF prox card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 This application just starts a scan to read an HID iClass/LF Prox card.
```

>  You can use it remapping this application to on (or more) of the 3 programmable button. You can do it on the device in Settings > Remap key & shortcut.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use it remapping this application to one (or more) of the three programmable buttons. You can do it on the device in Settings > Remap key & shortcut.
```

Using iClass Wedge with intents in your application
---------------------------------

> - For this example, Coppernic Core library is used. You must declare it in build.gradle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For this example, Coppernic Core library is used. You must declare it in build.gradle:
```

``` groovy
// At project level
allprojects {
    repositories {
        google()
        jcenter()
        maven { url "https://artifactory.coppernic.fr/artifactory/libs-release" }
    }
}
```

``` groovy
// At module level
implementation 'fr.coppernic.sdk.core:CpcCore:1.9.1'
```

> - Declare a broadcast receiver in your class, it will receive the intents from the iClass Wedge application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Declare a broadcast receiver in your class, it will receive the intents from the iClass Wedge application:
```

``` java
private BroadcastReceiver iClassReceiver = new BroadcastReceiver() {
    @Override
    public void onReceive(Context context, Intent intent) {        
        if (intent.getAction().equals(Defines.IntentDefines.ACTION_HID_ICLASS_SUCCESS)) {
            //All data received by the reader without any parsing
            Byte[] data = intent.getByteArrayExtra(Defines.Keys.KEY_HID_ICLASS_DATA_BYTES)
            String cardNumber = intent.getStringExtra(Defines.Keys.KEY_HID_ICLASS_DATA_CARD_NUMBER);  
            String companyCode = intent.getStringExtra(Defines.Keys.KEY_HID_ICLASS_DATA_COMPANY_CODE);  
            String facilityCode = intent.getStringExtra(Defines.Keys.KEY_HID_ICLASS_DATA_FACILITY_CODE);  
            String pacs = intent.getStringExtra(Defines.Keys.KEY_HID_ICLASS_DATA_PACS);
            //CArd type : HF or LF
            String cardType = intent.getStringExtra(Defines.Keys.KEY_HID_ICLASS_DATA_TYPE);                  
        } else if (intent.getAction().equals(Defines.IntentDefines.ACTION_HID_ICLASS_ERROR)) {
            // Read failed (main cause is timeout)
        }
    }
};
```

> - Register the receiver, for example in onStart

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Register the receiver, for example in onStart:
```

``` java
@Override
protected void onStart() {
    super.onStart();
    // Registers iClass wedge intent receiver
    IntentFilter intentFilter = new IntentFilter();
    intentFilter.addAction(Defines.IntentDefines.ACTION_HID_ICLASS_SUCCESS);
    intentFilter.addAction(Defines.IntentDefines.ACTION_HID_ICLASS_ERROR);
    registerReceiver(iClassReceiver, intentFilter);
}    
```

> - And unregister it, in onStop for example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- And unregister it, in onStop for example:
```

``` java
@Override
protected void onStop() {
    // Unregisters iClass wedge receiver
    unregisterReceiver(iClassReceiver);
    super.onStop();
}
```

> - Trig a read

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Trig a read:
```

```java

// Starts Hid iClass wedge
Intent sendIntent = new Intent();
sendIntent.setPackage(BuildConfig.APPLICATION_ID);
sendIntent.setAction(Defines.IntentDefines.ACTION_HID_ICLASS_SCAN);
if (Build.VERSION.SDK_INT >= Build.VERSION_CODES.O) {
    startForegroundService(intent);
} else {
    startService(intent);
}
```

> if you don't want to declare CpcCore in your build, then here are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't want to declare CpcCore in your build, then here are
```

> string values :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
string values:
```
